README.md, before:

# PAL-II to Corsham's SD Card Shield adapter

## About

This is a simple adapter for connecting the [PAL-II](https://www.tindie.com/products/kim1/pal-2-a-mos-6502-powered-computer-kit/) (with a suitable daughterboard) to Corsham's SD Card Shield for 8-bit computers, either the original, [this replica](https://github.com/eduardocasino/sd-card-shield) or [this Raspberry Pi Pico based one](https://retro-spy.com/product/sd-card-system/).

The board has not been tested yet, use at your own risk!

![components](https://github.com/eduardocasino/pal-2-sd-shield-adapter/blob/main/images/pal-2-sd-shield-adapter.png?raw=true)
![front](https://github.com/eduardocasino/pal-2-sd-shield-adapter/blob/main/images/pal-2-sd-shield-adapter-front.png?raw=true)
![back](https://github.com/eduardocasino/pal-2-sd-shield-adapter/blob/main/images/pal-2-sd-shield-adapter-back.png?raw=true)


## Licensing

This is a personal project that I am sharing in case it is of interest to any retrocomputing enthusiast and all the information in this repository is provided "as is", without warranty of any kind. I am not liable for any damages that may occur, whether it be to individuals, objects, KIM-1 computers, kittens or any other pets. **It should also be noted that everything in this repository is a work in progress, has not been tested and may contain errors, therefore anyone who chooses to use it does so at their own risk**.

[![license](https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-sa/4.0/88x31.png)](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/)

This work is licensed under a [Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/).

Commit message:

Curved tracks. Works with PAL-I too

README.md, after:

# PAL-II to Corsham's SD Card Shield adapter

## About

This is a simple adapter for connecting the [PAL-II](https://www.tindie.com/products/kim1/pal-2-a-mos-6502-powered-computer-kit/) (with a suitable daughterboard) to Corsham's SD Card Shield for 8-bit computers, either the original, [this replica](https://github.com/eduardocasino/sd-card-shield) or [this Raspberry Pi Pico based one](https://retro-spy.com/product/sd-card-system/).

Also suitable for the [PAL-I](https://www.tindie.com/products/kim1/pal-1-a-mos-6502-powered-computer-kit/)  with the [second RIOT expansion](https://www.tindie.com/products/kim1/pal-1-2nd-riot-expansion-kit/).

The board has not been tested yet, use at your own risk!

![components](https://github.com/eduardocasino/pal-2-sd-shield-adapter/blob/main/images/pal-2-sd-shield-adapter.png?raw=true)
![front](https://github.com/eduardocasino/pal-2-sd-shield-adapter/blob/main/images/pal-2-sd-shield-adapter-front.png?raw=true)
![back](https://github.com/eduardocasino/pal-2-sd-shield-adapter/blob/main/images/pal-2-sd-shield-adapter-back.png?raw=true)


## Licensing

This is a personal project that I am sharing in case it is of interest to any retrocomputing enthusiast and all the information in this repository is provided "as is", without warranty of any kind. I am not liable for any damages that may occur, whether it be to individuals, objects, KIM-1 computers, kittens or any other pets. **It should also be noted that everything in this repository is a work in progress, has not been tested and may contain errors, therefore anyone who chooses to use it does so at their own risk**.

[![license](https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-sa/4.0/88x31.png)](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/)

This work is licensed under a [Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/).
